The capital of India is New Delhi.
The capital of France is Paris.
The capital of Italy is Rome.
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.
The capital of USA is Washington, D.C..
The capital of Russia is Moscow.
The capital of United Kingdom is London.
The capital of Germany is Berlin.
The capital of Canada is Ottawa.
The capital of Australia is Canberra.
The capital of Brazil is Brasília.
The capital of China is Beijing.
The capital of Argentina is Buenos Aires.
The capital of Spain is Madrid.
The capital of Portugal is Lisbon.
The capital of Mexico is Mexico City.
The capital of Egypt is Cairo.
The capital of Saudi Arabia is Riyadh.
The capital of Turkey is Ankara.
The capital of Greece is Athens.
The capital of South Korea is Seoul.
The capital of North Korea is Pyongyang.
The capital of Pakistan is Islamabad.
The capital of Bangladesh is Dhaka.
The capital of Nepal is Kathmandu.
The capital of Sri Lanka is Colombo.
The capital of Thailand is Bangkok.
The capital of Vietnam is Hanoi.
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta.
The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
The capital of Singapore is Singapore.
The capital of Philippines is Manila.
The capital of Afghanistan is Kabul.
The capital of Iran is Tehran.
The capital of Iraq is Baghdad.
The capital of Israel is Jerusalem.
The capital of Jordan is Amman.
The capital of Lebanon is Beirut.
The capital of Syria is Damascus.
The capital of Qatar is Doha.
The capital of UAE is Abu Dhabi.
The capital of Oman is Muscat.
The capital of Yemen is Sana'a.
The capital of Kuwait is Kuwait City.
The capital of Bahrain is Manama.
The capital of Morocco is Rabat.
The capital of Algeria is Algiers.
The capital of Tunisia is Tunis.
The capital of Sudan is Khartoum.
The capital of Ethiopia is Addis Ababa.
The capital of Kenya is Nairobi.
The capital of Tanzania is Dodoma.
The capital of Uganda is Kampala.
The capital of Rwanda is Kigali.
The capital of Nigeria is Abuja.
The capital of Ghana is Accra.
The capital of Ivory Coast is Yamoussoukro.
The capital of Senegal is Dakar.
The capital of Zimbabwe is Harare.
The capital of Zambia is Lusaka.
The capital of Malawi is Lilongwe.
The capital of Mozambique is Maputo.
The capital of Madagascar is Antananarivo.
The capital of Chile is Santiago.
The capital of Peru is Lima.
The capital of Colombia is Bogotá.
The capital of Venezuela is Caracas.
The capital of Bolivia is Sucre.
The capital of Paraguay is Asunción.
The capital of Uruguay is Montevideo.
The capital of Ecuador is Quito.
The capital of Cuba is Havana.
The capital of Jamaica is Kingston.
The capital of Haiti is Port-au-Prince.
The capital of Iceland is Reykjavik.
The capital of Norway is Oslo.
The capital of Sweden is Stockholm.
The capital of Finland is Helsinki.
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
The capital of Netherlands is Amsterdam.
The capital of Belgium is Brussels.
The capital of Switzerland is Bern.
The capital of Austria is Vienna.
The capital of Poland is Warsaw.
The capital of Czech Republic is Prague.
The capital of Slovakia is Bratislava.
The capital of Hungary is Budapest.
The capital of Croatia is Zagreb.
The capital of Serbia is Belgrade.
The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The capital of Bulgaria is Sofia.
The capital of Lithuania is Vilnius.
The capital of Latvia is Riga.
The capital of Estonia is Tallinn.
The capital of Belarus is Minsk.
The capital of Ukraine is Kyiv.
The capital of Kazakhstan is Astana.
The capital of Uzbekistan is Tashkent.
The capital of Turkmenistan is Ashgabat.
The capital of Kyrgyzstan is Bishkek.
The capital of Mongolia is Ulaanbaatar.
The longest river in the world is the Nile.
The largest desert in the world is the Sahara.
The tallest mountain in the world is Mount Everest.
The largest ocean in the world is the Pacific Ocean.
The deepest ocean trench is the Mariana Trench.
The largest island in the world is Greenland.
The largest lake in the world is the Caspian Sea.
The smallest country in the world is Vatican City.
The longest wall in the world is the Great Wall of China.
The hottest desert in the world is the Sahara.
The national bird of India is the Peacock.
The national animal of India is the Tiger.
The national flower of India is the Lotus.
The national sport of India is Hockey.
The national fruit of India is Mango.
The national bird of USA is the Bald Eagle.
The national animal of USA is the Bison.
The national flower of USA is the Rose.
The national animal of China is the Giant Panda.
The national bird of Japan is the Green Pheasant.
The telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell.
The light bulb was invented by Thomas Edison.
The airplane was invented by the Wright brothers.
Penicillin was discovered by Alexander Fleming.
The World Wide Web was invented by Tim Berners-Lee.
The steam engine was improved by James Watt.
The radio was invented by Guglielmo Marconi.
The periodic table was created by Dmitri Mendeleev.
The printing press was invented by Johannes Gutenberg.
The DNA double helix was discovered by Watson and Crick.
The largest planet in the solar system is Jupiter.
The smallest planet in the solar system is Mercury.
The hottest planet in the solar system is Venus.
The coldest planet in the solar system is Neptune.
The red planet is Mars.
The Earth revolves around the Sun in 365 days.
The Moon revolves around the Earth in 27 days.
The speed of light is approximately 299,792 km/s.
The human body has 206 bones.
The human heart has 4 chambers.